---
title: "Quality Process Management - Quality Order"
author: "Nosheen Mahate"
---

# Quality Order
## Overview
This list allows the user to manage the Quality Orders that are open or in progress.
A new Quality Order is created from a Released Production Order if the Item (or the Item Category to which it belongs) has a Test Action Group assigned to it. The Quality Order is created on posting of the Production Journal.\
Once a Quality Order is released, no further lines will be added to it. If other lines are added to the Production Order then they will be created as another separate Quality Order, containing new lines for the added items (if they have a Testing Action Group assigned to either the Item directly or the Item Category that it belongs to). So it is possible to have multiple Quality Orders for a single Production Order. 

## General
### No.
The No. assigned to this Quality Order. This is chosen by what is set up on the Quality Process Management Setup page.

### Document Date
The date the document was created. 

### Status
The current Status of the document. This is a toggle between Open and In Progress. Once a Quality Order is ready for testing, it must be set to In Progress.

### Source Type
The ID for where this document was created from. This is the Table ID. E.g. When the Quality Order is created from a Production Order, this will be 5405.

### Source Subtype
The Source Type of where the document was created from. E.g. When the Quality Order is created from a Production Order where the Source Type is Item. The Source Subtype will be Item. This corresponds to option 0. 

### Source ID
The No. of the document from where this Quality Order was created. E.g When the Quality Order is created from a Production Order, the Production Order No. with be stored in this field. 

## Page Actions
### Release for Processing
Changes the status of the document to In Progress

### Reopen
Changes the status of the document back to Open

### Post Scrap
Posts the scrap which is populated in the Quantity to Scrap field on the lines. This will result in the value in Quantity to Scrap being moved to the Quantity Scrapped column and the result will be viewable on the Item Ledger Entries for the Scrap item. For each Item that the Quality process is applied to, a Scrap Item needs to be created, so any scrap against the original item will post a negative against the production item and a positive against the Scrap Item. 

### Post
Post the Quality Order. Can be done once any scrap has been posted, test actions have been completed and the total Quantity Passed, Quantity Rework, Quantity Scrapped is equal to the Quantity. At this point if there is a Quantity Rework then another Quality Order will be generated by the system, for the Rework and the item quantity for reworking will be transferred to the Rework Bin in the same Location. 

## Lines
### Item No.
The Item No. to be quality checked.
### Quantity Passed
The quantity of this item that has passed the testing actions. See Line Actions Testing Actions for more.
### Quantity For Rework
The quantity of this item which requires reworking. They will have a rework order created for them. 
### Quantity to Scrap
The quantity of this item which will be scrapped and posted to the scrap bin. 
### Quantity Scrapped
The quantity of this item which has already been scrapped
### Reserved Quantity
The quantity of this item which has been reserved against this order

## Line Actions
### Rework Defect Codes
Assign a Rework Defect Code and Quantity to be reworked for an item. 
### Item Tracking Lines
The Lot No. this item is tracked against.
### Testing Actions
Opens the Quality Order Line Actions page. Search **Quality Order Line Actions** for more. Populate the Result and set the test to Completed to continue with the order.