---
title: "Quality Process Management Overview"
author: "James Pearson"
---

# Using Quality Process Management

## Quality Orders
This list allows the user to manage the Quality Orders that are in progress.

A new Quality Order is created from a Released Production Order if the Item (or the Item Category to which it belongs) has a Test Action Group assigned to it.

The Quality Order is created on posting of the Production Journal.

Once a Quality Order is released, no further lines will be added to it. If other lines are added to the Production Order then they will be created as another separate Quality Order, containing new lines for the added items (if they have a Testing Action Group assigned to either the Item directly or the Item Category that it belongs to). So it is possible to have multiple Quality Orders for a single Production Order.

On the Lines FastTab, off the Functions menu, we can access the Testing Actions

This then lists all the Tests that were part of the Testing Action Group assigned to this item.

The results are then typed in on the line, and tick each line as Completed once it is done.
The wording of these tests and the Result field will be specific to the individual customer and the tests they have set up; the user will be guided by the text in the Action Description.

Once the tests are complete, the user enters the Quantity Passed, and the Quantity to Scrap.

To enter the quantity for Rework, the user chooses the Functions menu on the Lines FastTab and selects Rework Defect Codes.

Once the Quantities for Pass/Scrap/Rework are completed on the line, we are ready to being posting. 

The Scrap is posted first using the Post Scrap icon on the ribbon. 
 
This will result in the value in Quantity to Scrap being moved to the Quantity Scrapped column and the result will be viewable on the Item Ledger Entries for the Scrap item. For each Item that the Quality process is applied to, a Scrap Item needs to be created, so any scrap against the original item will post a negative against the production item and a positive against the Scrap Item.

If the tests results are that some passed and one or more is going to rework then when the values are entered and the Quality Order is posted, the message will confirm.

At this point another Quality Order will be generated by the system, for the Rework and the item quantity for reworking will be transferred to the Rework Bin in the same Location.

## Quality Rework Orders
The Quality Rework Order list page shows the Quality Orders that have been assigned for reworking.

On the individual Quality Rework Order, the FactBox on the right gives summary information, for example Source ID shows the original Production Order that the lines came from.
When a Rework Order is created, it takes it out of the old Lot Number and puts it against a new Lot Number, this can be seen in the Item Ledger Entries. 

Warehouse Entries will show it being taken out of the original bin and into the Rework Bin, using a Reclass Journal. This stock will then be consumed in a Production Order using the function Reserve Rework Stock.

## Posted Quality Orders
The Posted Quality Orders list shows details of quality orders that have been posted.
